# sbelliveauIMDB
Scott Belliveau

For installation directions just need to have imported packages requests and secrets in file when running it, the file written to should be generated by a = open("data.txt", "a+")
which will help create a data.txt file if one does not exist.

a brief description of what your project does
My project writes to a file from the api provided by imDbID. For the portions dedicated to the ratings for the number 1, number 50, number 100,
number 200 and The Wheel of Time show it follows the same logic. It checks if the key for the data dictionary is 'ratings' and then writes out 
the key and values for data from the keys imDbID to totalRatingVotes if it is not equal to 'ratings'
(I added line breaks so that it does not print all in a single line) and then once that condition is met it compares the key to 'ratings' if it 
is it will convert the rest of the dictionary to a list (anything following 'ratings') python will intepret 'ratings' as a key, then the values print in
line so it reads like {'rating': '10', 'percent': '62.0%', 'votes': '66675'} for an example. For the top 250 tv shows it indexes based by items, inside
the for loop it iterates through each line of the list of dictionaries, it then selects the key and value in each
portion of a dictionary line and writes them to the file, I added line breaks so it prints on seperate lines for each key and value
pair.

The only thing possibly missing would the secrets.py, which follows secret_key = "k_something" logic. I would have liked to break up the lines so then it printed dictionary items for 
one title and created a space for the next one but indent function wouldn't have applied as smoothly. Other than that it follows the suggested guidlines, prints the ratings first and then the
top 250 shows.
